This project aims to create a high-fiedlity prototype of a studying app 
-We just need to hardcode the demonstarted visual function. No need to connect any API or create complex structure.

Strictly follow the Shneiderman’s Eight Golden Rules in the design.

The prototype aims to solve  the following problem statement:

Problem statement:
Daniel (Who), a Year-4 molecular biology student at HKU, struggles to stay motivated and study efficiently when reviewing complex course materials (What) at home and other off-campus locations outside school (Where), especially during solo exam preparation (When). Because the slides are dense/diagram-heavy and recordings are long and unstructured (Why), he spends excessive time reconstructing key points, which leads to fatigue, lower recall, and reduced study efficiency (Impact).

we want to provide the following solution, divide them into section in the sidebar on the left:


DashboardPage:
On the top activity bar add a quick review button that user can access it in any page. When the user click it, it will randomly select the subject's notecard deck to review.

1. We want an analytic part of a student studying progress to all subject in the DashboardPage using AI but just hardcode it now, the page should contain a bar that display all subject on top letting user to choose which subject analytic data to see. In each subject, the "group activity trend", "common errors", "AI comment section", "suggested study plan from AI" would be included. Because it is hard coded for demo, please use subject like biology, physics, China history, as example subjects

GeneratorPage:
-An AI powered notecard generator based on the content you provide. (You don't need to create any generation logic, hardcode the generation flow and fixed content, for example I enter a dummpy file name like Data structure and algo 101, and click process, then there will be a list of notecard for DSA 101, and there will be a bar to choose which subject to import the notecard deck or create new subject)

SubjectPage:
-This page containing multiple subject that the user created. Inside each subject (once the user click a certain subject), there will be a list of deck. There will be a list of created notecard inside a deck. Clicking the review button on the deck's right side will direct them into a review section of that certain deck. Because it is hard coded for demo, please use subject like biology, physics, China history, as example subjects.

RecordingPage:
This page main function is to let user record lectures and transform the recording into a summarized script with point form using AI. Each point form should show the timestamp. So that the user can trace back and verify.
Again This is demo only just do the following function.
1. A recording section box with start recording button, once press start turn the start recording -> stop recording and a red blinking circle will appear once recording started. Also do help me implement a speech to text module, so that the speech to text can lively appear on the section box.
2. Once stop recording pressed, there will be a prop that shows the notecard created for this lecture and user can choose which subject to import the notecard deck.
3. As this is demo only. Please hardcode the content out, the subject could be Japanese. Content could be grammar and vocab highlight in a lecture.
 